Title: Command Entry

Note:

The command entry field is not intended for general purpose programming or use
as a general purpose command-line interface.  It is primarily intended,
instead, to function as a kind of task switcher.  The basic idea is that
VDC-Forth would have a set of colon definitions which, when executed, would
LOAD one or more blocks that would unload the currently running application (if
any) and load itself in its place.  The result, from a user's perspective, is a
display that would appear as if it were switching between screens of different
applications.

General purpose programming/automation is intended to happen in the block
editor and/or other application(s) the user might want to activate.

Main Behavior:

1. User types a number of characters.
2. User sees characters as they're typed, from left to right.
3. When user presses ENTER, the line of text entered is interpreted, also from left to right.
4. User sees the OK prompt disappear while interpretation is in progress, and the prompt return when interpretation completes.
5. The current state of the data stack appears on the stack status line.

Exceptional Behavior:

2a. If the typed character would cause the cursor to go beyond the right margin of the command line, then it is ignored.

2b. If the user types the backspace, the last-entered character is removed and the cursor moved correspondingly to the left.  If no further characters remain to be deleted, then the backspace takes no further action.

2c. (OPTIONAL) CTRL-A points the cursor at the beginning of the text entry.  CTRL-E points the cursor at the very end.  CTRL-F moves the cursor forward (right) one character.  CTRL-B moves the cursor back (left) one character without deleting anything.  CTRL-D deletes the currently highlighted character.  CTRL-H is backspace.  CTRL-K disposes of the text starting at the cursor and extending to the current end of the buffer.  CTRL-U disposes of the entire line, regardless of where the cursor is positioned (it's equivalent to CTRL-A CTRL-K).

3a. If an unknown command appears in the input stream, then an error is reported to the user and further interpretation halts.

3b. If a string of characters starts with a decimal digit, it is interpreted as an unsigned 16-bit number in decimal.

4. If the user asked VDC-Forth to exit back to CP/M, then OK is not printed.
